README.md, before:

28335ModbusSlave
================

MODBUS implementation for F28335 DSP. This was developed by Bruno Luiz (@brunoluiz) to a project for TRACTEBEL in partnership with CERTI Foundation.

Installing
==========

Structure
---------
All modbus implementation are at ```contrib/modbus``` folder. We suggest you to put all your code at source folder.

If you need any DSP2833x header file you can find it at ```contrib/DSP2833x```

Include paths
-------------
If you use Code Composer 4 (or later), import the C/C++ Project Settings from ```ccs_configs/28335ModbusCSettings.xml``` file.

Another way to include the right paths is changing the "Include Options". At CCS 6.x you have to go to Project Settings (ALT+ENTER), then Build ``` C200 Compiler ``` Include Options. You've to include the following paths:

* ```contrib/modbus/include```
* ```contrib/modbus/plataform/ DSP2833x/include```
* ```contrib/DSP2833x/DSP2833x_common/include```
* ```contrib/DSP2833x/DSP2833x_headers/include```
 
If your project uses custom DSP2833x headers/files you don't need the two last paths.

Don't forget to exclude from compilation the ```contrib/dspProfiling``` and ```contrib/DSP2833x``` (right mouse click ``` Exclude from Build).
 
Implementing
============
 
Normally this code will be implemented at ```main.c```
 
1. Include the ModbusSlave.h header 
2. Change the configuration files:
 	a. ```ModbusSettings.h```: baudrate, parity, debug modes, buffer size (the max size of a frame)...
 	b. ```Serial.c``` & ```Timer.c```: if your CLOCK or LSPCLK are different from 150 e 37500000, change those files
3. Declare the modbus object with ```ModbusSlave mb;```
4. Initialize modbus object with ```mb = construct_ModbusSlave();```
5. At some loop, call modbus object with ```mb.loopStates(&mb);```
 
Using memory map
================
 
To use the memory map you will need to change the ```ModbusDataMap.h``` file with the variables that you want.
 
Don't forget that coils/inputs have the bit field = 1 (bool VAR:1) and that holding registers are meant to be 32 bits (long or float).
 
If your variables will not be 32 bits, you will have to change some ```ModbusDataHandler.c```. I commented MODIFIABLE at the functions which needs tweaks (readAnalogData, presetSingleRegister, presetMultipleRegisters).

Commit message:

Script to create a CCSv3 project structure with MODBUS files

README.md, after:

28335ModbusSlave
================

MODBUS implementation for F28335 DSP. This was developed by Bruno Luiz (@brunoluiz) to a project for TRACTEBEL in partnership with CERTI Foundation.

Installing
==========

Structure
---------
All modbus implementation are at ```contrib/modbus``` folder. We suggest you to put all your code at source folder.

If you need any DSP2833x header file you can find it at ```contrib/DSP2833x```

Include paths
-------------
If you use Code Composer 4 (or later), import the C/C++ Project Settings from ```ccs_configs/28335ModbusCSettings.xml``` file.

Another way to include the right paths is changing the "Include Options". At CCS 6.x you have to go to Project Settings (ALT+ENTER), then Build ``` C200 Compiler ``` Include Options. You've to include the following paths:

* ```contrib/modbus/include```
* ```contrib/modbus/plataform/ DSP2833x/include```
* ```contrib/DSP2833x/DSP2833x_common/include```
* ```contrib/DSP2833x/DSP2833x_headers/include```
 
If your project uses custom DSP2833x headers/files you don't need the two last paths.

Don't forget to exclude from compilation the ```contrib/dspProfiling``` and ```contrib/DSP2833x``` (right mouse click ``` Exclude from Build).

Code Composers 3 or ealier versions
-----------------------------------
If you use CodeComposer v3.x or earlier, probably your directory structure uses PROJECT/Source and PROJECT/Include to control the src and header files. To make it more easier for your use, you can run makeCSSv3.bat to create a folder with the same structure of CCSv3.

At the batch file you can configure a different folder (CCSv3OutputDir), but the default action is create a "CCSv3" folder at the MODBUS root folder. If you don't have the serial and timer headers from Texas, I suggest you to enable their copy process changing the "CopySerialTimerHeader" variable.
 
Implementing
============
 
Normally this code will be implemented at ```main.c```
 
1. Include the ModbusSlave.h header 
2. Change the configuration files:
 	a. ```ModbusSettings.h```: baudrate, parity, debug modes, buffer size (the max size of a frame)...
 	b. ```Serial.c``` & ```Timer.c```: if your CLOCK or LSPCLK are different from 150 e 37500000, change those files
3. Declare the modbus object with ```ModbusSlave mb;```
4. Initialize modbus object with ```mb = construct_ModbusSlave();```
5. At some loop, call modbus object with ```mb.loopStates(&mb);```
 
Using memory map
================
 
To use the memory map you will need to change the ```ModbusDataMap.h``` file with the variables that you want.
 
Don't forget that coils/inputs have the bit field = 1 (bool VAR:1) and that holding registers are meant to be 32 bits (long or float).
 
If your variables will not be 32 bits, you will have to change some ```ModbusDataHandler.c```. I commented MODIFIABLE at the functions which needs tweaks (readAnalogData, presetSingleRegister, presetMultipleRegisters).
